MEPIS COLLECTIVE WORK LICENSE

COPYRIGHT
Unless stated otherwise, MEPIS software packages are unique collective 
works under US copyright law.  Copyright (c) MEPIS LLC.  All rights 
reserved.

GRANT OF COLLECTIVE WORK LICENSE
Except as specifically stated in a separate agreement, and subject to the 
Terms and Conditions stated herein, MEPIS LLC hereby grants you the right 
to install or redistribute this collective work for non-commercial purposes 
for use with other legally obtained MEPIS software collections.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. COMPONENT LICENSE RIGHTS
Nothing in this collective work license limits your rights under, or grants
you rights that supercede, the terms of any applicable component license.
Each component is a separate collective or original work to the maximum 
extent possible as defined by US copyright law. The inclusion in this 
collection of a component subject to a particular license does not limit 
your rights, or grant you rights in another component or in the collective 
work that supercede, the terms of the license of that other work.

2. LIMITED REDISTRIBUTION RIGHTS
This collective work may contain some components of binary code that are 
licensed under the GPLv2 license which limits your rights to redistribute 
the GPLv2 licensed components of this collective work to third parties, 
unless for a three year period you also distribute or formally offer to 
distribute to ANY party the source code of the component binary code that 
is licensed pursuant to the GPLv2 license. The Free Software Foundation of 
Boston, MA, US, as author of the GPLv2 license, claims to strictly enforce 
this requirement of the GPLv2 license for all parties with NO exceptions.

3. RESPONSIBILITY TO COMPLY
By using this package, you agree to comply with any applicable restrictions 
and obligations imposed by the GPLv2 license or any other applicable license 
and to hold MEPIS LLC and its assigns harmless in case of your knowing or
unknowing violation thereof.

4. AVAILABILITY OF SOURCE CODE
You may obtain a copy of GPL licensed source code from the source code 
package maintainer which is usually the next upstream copyright holder. 
In the case of MEPIS products, most GPL licensed binary code is 
redistributed without change.  In such cases, MEPIS is not a copyright
holder in such code.  The maintained upstream sources of such code are 
available in the public Ubuntu and Debian software repositories. 

5. MEPIS OFFER OF SOURCE CODE
MEPIS LLC hereby offers to provide, for three years from the original 
timestamp on any included GPLv2 licensed binary package, to any third 
party, a copy of the source code of the GPLv2 licensed binary code 
that is distributed with this collection, except where MEPIS LLC is 
prohibited from doing so by US law. For further details about this 
offer or to obtain said source code, visit http://www.mepis.org/source

6. NO WARRANTY
Except as specifically stated in a separate agreement or a license for a
particular component, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law,
the collective work and the components are provided and licensed AS-IS 
without warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, including the implied 
warranties of merchantability, non-infringement or fitness for a particular 
purpose.

7. ATTENTION US GOVERNMENT USERS
The US Government's rights in this Software and accompanying documentation
are only as set forth herein, in accordance with 48 CFR 227.7201 through
227.7202-4 and 48 CFR 2.101 and 12.212.

8. CRYPTOGRAPHIC SOFTWARE RESTRICTIONS
Some MEPIS packages are collections of Software that contain unmodified 
publicly available Open Source encryption source code which, together 
with object code resulting from the compiling of publicly available
source code, has been previously cleared for export from the United States
under License Exception "TSU" pursuant to EAR Section 740.13(e).  Said
source code and object code is publicly available at several web sites
including ftp://mirror.mcs.anl.gov/pub/

However, the knowing export or reexport of ANY cryptographic software and 
technology, including MEPIS related packages, from the US to nationals of 
Country Group E:1, currently Cuba, Iran, Libya, North Korea, Sudan, and 
Syria, is prohibited by US Law.

In addition, at this time there MAY be export or import restrictions for 
products containing strong encryption (128 bit or greater) when sent to 
or from Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Burma, Republic of Congo, Egypt, 
France, Hong Kong, Israel, Kazakhstan, Liberia, Moldova, Nagorno-Karabakh, 
Pakistan, Philippines, Poland, Russia, Rwanda, Saudi Arabia, Sierra Leone, 
Somalia, Ukraine, Vietnam, or Yemen.

These country lists are subject to change and other countries may impose 
restrictions on the import, export, and/or use of encryption software.

This legal notice applies to cryptographic software only. More detailed
information is available at http://www.bxa.doc.gov/

9. PREVAILING LAW
Whereas MEPIS LLC is a US based entity subject to US laws, by using this 
package, you agree that in cases of conflict of law US Copyright, Patent, 
Trademark, Contract, and Export Law shall prevail.

10. IMPLICIT ACCEPTANCE
By using and/or installing a MEPIS collective work, you accept and agree 
to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
